Introduce possibility to choose dns challenge (#3)
spaze/letsgetacert: README.md

```
Optional *filename extension* displayed in verbose messages, can be used when there are multiple certs for the same domain (e.g. dual RSA and ECDSA certs)

```
CHALLENGE="dns-01"
```

> Optional configuration changes used challenge (`http-01` and `dns-01` are supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional [challenge type](https://certbot.eff.org/docs/challenges.html) (`http-01` and `dns-01` are supported, `http-01` is used when no `CHALLENGE` is specified)
```
